And then, the slave-girl, I know you.
I was dying of missing me more.
I was not gaming cash for a great
cause a great reason for you as
You can see here, take some batteries.
games here from various platforms of
several consoles here and all this to
tell you about the new shopping site
b is called my game now used this
Special problem, I'll give it to you.
10 reasons to put in my game
used the number one motif in my game
used you will find a lot and have
haruka those games or here are those
consoles those special issues that
You do not find the sale anymore, it 's the
goal as you can see the
principle that we have a lot of things
of new generations mainly play
4 xbox luan but over time the stream
of products will appear a lot
a lot of relic that got super nintendo
I understand 64 follow the store my used game
in instagram that there you will have in
first hand the most things
interesting and rarer to appear
in the store and will be able to buy
everyone
reason number 2 save a lot car
a lot of money knows that throwing game
cup the guy you look there in favor I
I need this game but it 's costing
200 pila then man, someone already had this
game already in play and resold to us
my game used against an honest price
to resell it did not then press
then you lose a game here in the
Already the saint andré will be game
new xbox ban will already be on sale at
was 4 because it also played if the
then ubisoft face for you how much
You can save a lot of money full
my game used the reason number 3 choice
How do you want to get used game cameo
There is not much sence here you were there.
Blessed the game, here we go.
buy beauty how you want to receive
who receive money we transfer
to the bank account quickie fucking
I do not want money, I prefer credit.
we put you on credit
both in the b-game and in the used game
even win the cash game in
credit
You choose here that you send the
reason number 4 credits with bonuses as
guy as I have said here that
receive money and transfers to the
Do you want to receive credit?
look how amazing it looks
you get 10% bonus on the value
of your games if you sell it there for me
used to evaluate their games at 300 reais
if you want me credits to spend the
name of the game used or shopping m
you will earn 10% over the 300 reais
then you will earn 330 reais
credit so fucking expensive here I can
talk face only the store's cooler
world is the reason my 5 sent
surprised katsuaki look is because I have me
Sorry to explain to you but it 's the
next will happen in a
when everything conspires to your
please when the boss goes crazy
You're going to buy a daring game and it's going to
receive a new face game is not a draw
No chuchu is going to be that way.
random so sometimes you will buy the
I play there waiting for him used there
on the humble will get a sealed game
for you a new game is that you
find a rare pokémon each type you
buy a pepsi get a coca is a
wonderful thing then it stays connected that
is my used guide has it
motif number 6 a toast each
product
face if you are customer shopping b
You know what the fuck shop always does.
pleases your customers
then how could it not be the
same used will also make the
every product you buy my game
used you will receive a poster of
play if you buy five products
if you will receive five posters
if you buy a thousand products you will
receive a thousand posts
the posters are sent in a
random but you can check all
all the models here on our site
the number reason always needs free
now as I'm just giving good news that
this whole program for this one does not
could be different
purchases of more than 300 reais from my
game used freight is free for your
women in Brazil above 500 reais
every free brazil then face
Enjoy runs because there's a lot
product has a lot of cool stuff and you
still save money
reason number 8 is easy to sell
who have you ever had the happiness to have
that selling a video game sold a game
sold an expensive accessory you go
understand very well if this guy is a
bag
Fuck, the guy will not pay you or he
want to buy only the game does not want to buy
The console you want to sell everything you do not
be on the open market
braga has announced an official x has to
there meeting the guy is dangerous then
Dude here with my game used the bagulho
it's crazy different stuff you want
sell that enables the games and
console that sold the accessory fill
form on the site or send an email to
people respond will make a proposal
if the proposal is nice for both of them
close agreement to my used game buy
if you have a game for me it's mine
buy brother zaldo if you have 50
games to sell my used game against
so enough of this business to stay
announcing that he is taking the product
and sees the risk of carrying a
little car my used game you want
sell people buy motif number 9
negotiation security
My goodness is the shopping area b because
you do not know shopping b
it is simply the largest network of games
of the South of the country and one of the
From Brazil, then, because it has credibility.
has name the name of weight and face to people
works with the most secure methods of
then we only get the
money when you have the
products can barely buy without fear and
that bh shopping is the number 10 motif
product guarantee as I mentioned in the
item number 9
here the deal is guaranteed then you
buy in the morgue used for it thinks car
per game daring console used by record
Be a little afraid you do not need to
worry about buying someone you use
will have invoice and at least three
months of warranty even if the warranty
manufacturer has already inspired
mall to continue guaranteeing
you
these were only ten reasons more expensive I
I do not say a thousand reasons here because the
battery and microphone is running out
visit the site of the game used dot com
and let's help this site is grow out
very much with your help when
you undo something you
play more like a new thing you
are strengthening by strengthening the network
so worth a visit and hopefully
You guys really enjoy it and why this site?
it was made for you honor has several
special editions here nor holy to see you
drive from pindoty show speaks for itself
nor put it on the site that even a year
no instagram that I came back cow